Mention that Soroban Strings are not encoded or validated (#1090)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/learn/encyclopedia/contract-development/types/built-in-types.mdx

Symbols are primarily used for function names and other identifiers that are exported in the public API of a contract. They can also be used wherever short strings are needed to keep resource costs down.

## Bytes, Strings (`Bytes`, `BytesN`, `String`)

Byte arrays and strings can be passed to contracts and stores using the `Bytes` type.

For byte arrays of fixed length, `BytesN` can be used. For example, contract IDs are fixed 32-byte byte arrays, and are represented as `BytesN<32>`.

> Note that the bytes contained in `String`s are not encoded or validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the bytes contained in `String`s do not necessarily conform to any standard text encoding such as ASCII or Unicode UTF-8. They are plain uninterpreted byes, and users expecting a particular encoding need to enforce that encoding manually.
```

> Note that the bytes contained in `String`s do not necessarily conform to any standard text encoding such as ASCII or Unicode UTF-8. They are plain uninterpreted byes, and users expecting a particular encoding need to enforce that encoding manually.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that the bytes contained in `String`s do not necessarily conform to any standard text encoding such as ASCII or Unicode UTF-8. They are plain uninterpreted bytes, and users expecting a particular encoding need to enforce that encoding manually.
```
